---
layout: post
title: 28/09/2019
---

### Lisbon

We woke up in the morning and we had plans to go to Sintra to visit the Palacio da Pena. Bruno took his shower and decided to go and pay the fine while he could. Obviously Lisbon would be the best place to do that. He went to the tube station and got a train to the place, paid the fine and came back to the apartment in roughly one and a half hour. It was a very light infraction, which cost him roughly 20.00€. When he was back, it was a little bit late and if we hadn’t left right away, we would have certainly lost our chance to visit Coimbra. So that was it, we packed our things, took all our luggage downstairs and headed to our cars. Once everything was set, we drove straight to Coimbra.


### Coimbra

The trip to Coimbra was fairly calm, not much traffic on the way there and, once we arrived, we went straight to the the Universidade de Coimbra, which is the oldest university in the world that speaks Portuguese. We joined the queue to buy the tickets while Sheila and her family was still to arrive. We got the tickets that included the Library, the most wanted site to be visited while doing tourism in that area. We had some time before we could enter such place, so we decided to visit the university campus and buy some souvenirs. We then entered the small chapel that lies inside the campus and heard some music that was being played in the organ. It was a very interesting experience. Once out of the chapel, it was time to go to the library.

We walked to the side of the building, where we were supposed to wait until our group’s turn. It took us less than 10 minutes waiting. The visit can’t be done with a pushchair, so we had to leave ours in the first room, where lies the academic prison and some books are stored. We took Miguel and carried him initially through the cells, but also upstairs, where the real show happens. The library is simply amazing. All details are wonderful and they also say that part of the preservation of the books is done by having a bat colony inside of the library that will ensure any alive insects are thoroughly exterminated.

After that room, the visit ends and we all have to go back to the campus. Bruno went back downstairs to grab Miguel’s pushchair and then we all moved on to do a quick visit on the university itself. There are several rooms to be visited, including the ceremony room, where the diplomas are assigned. It is a very old building, but filled with history and culture, definitely worth visiting. By the end of the visit we were starving and it was getting late, we still had plenty of miles to drive until we got to Porto, our final destination for the day. We went back to our cars and, after a quick stop in a McDonalds, resumed our trip to Porto.

### Porto

It was evening already when we reached Porto. We had booked a house for our stay, one of the old houses that lies close enough to the city centre. It turns out that when we arrived, the landlord was already there waiting for us and made sure to tell us all the history behind the place filled with rich details. The house had basically three floors, a basement with a mattress on the floor, which he said was too humid to have any people sleeping inside, a ground floor with a hallway, a living room, which was huge and had very nice furniture, a fully equipped kitchen with all needed utensils and, finally, a laundry area with a toilet. The top floor had three bedrooms and a bathroom with a shower and a bathtub. We were very surprised with all the furniture and the wood that was used in all rooms in the floors and windows, not to mention in the furniture itself. It was one of the most beautiful houses we had seen in that area.

Well, it was really late already, and the landlord took roughly one hour to explain everything about the house to us, including the fact that he would let us check-out later the next day if we needed to, proposal that was promptly accepted by ourselves. We all got ready and went to bed as it was very late already. 
