---
layout: post
title: Munich 28/08/2019
---

In the next morning we woke up early, did our morning rituals and went downstairs to a small market just in front of the hotel. I bought some yoghurt for myself, juice for Miguel and Kelly got a sandwich. We got everything and went to the train station that was close to our hotel. We didn’t realise before, but this same station (which was just about 5 minutes walking from the hotel) had trains going to and coming from the central station. Had we know that on the previous day, that much time and effort walking wouldn’t be needed. Well, we bought our tickets for the internal network and soon enough entered one of the trains. Our goal was to reach the Deutsches Museum, but we ended up in a train that was going to the wrong direction, to the airport to be more specific. It didn’t take long for us to realise, just a couple of stations. We then switched trains to the right direction.

The trains we got were very good, they were surprisingly silent, spacious and clean. There was really nothing to complain about it! We had Miguel’s pushchair	 with us and there was enough space to manoeuvre it inside the train. About 20 minutes after changing trains we got to the museum’s closest station. We then bought our tickets and, since my father wanted to spend a lot of time in the museum, we decided to split the group in two. My parents went on their own way and I started the museum on the electrical part with my family. We walked a lot inside the museum, which is huge, but we thought that things there were mostly not really interesting. The good bit was a big automatic machine that assembled a magnet and printed a logo in it. It was turned off, but it was just a matter of asking a man from the staff and he turned it on for us. It was very nice and, in the end, he grabbed one of the magnets, did some final adjustments on it in one of the machines that was close by and handled to Miguel, who was very happy to have earned something!

There was an electrical show that we began to watch too, but after some minutes we figured that it was not really suitable for Miguel. They had lightnings and a lot of loud sounds that made Miguel cry. Before the end of the show we were forced to leave the room, they were simulating lighting strikes and the explosion sound was scaring Miguel. We finished our visit in the old toys section of the museum and decided we should move to the next attraction. Kelly was very annoyed because she felt like she was loosing precious time inside a museum when we could be walking through the city. We went to the old town hall as well as in Marienplatz, where we chose a place close by to have lunch before doing any tourism. I have ordered the pork shoulder once again while Kelly had (WHAT?). We took the chance to use the bathroom of the restaurant and then went back to the square. We arrived just in time for the show on the town hall’s clock and met back my parents that had just arrived there too.

We saw that we could go up in that same tower to have a great view from the top, so we decided to go. My parents wanted to stay there on the square, so we went up just the rest of us. There is one lift on the bottom that takes you to the last floor of the building, where you pay around 6 euros per person to get into a second lift that takes you to the top. There were only a few people up there and we were lucky enough to be able to have amazing views and take very nice pictures of the city. This spot is totally worth the price.

When we went back down, my father wanted to do a quick tour around, he had a walking tour guide through the city centre and we just followed that. It started in Marienplatz, passed through one of the close-by churches and ended up in front of the Munich Residenz. We didn’t go inside, and I think it was too late anyways to go if we wanted. Kelly and I wanted to spend a little more time walking on the city centre and looking for our crystal block, while my parents decided to go back to the hotel. At this point in the trip, they were exhausted already. We didn’t stay long, after some time walking, we ended up not finding any places selling us the crystal and went back to the hotel. (I DON’T REMEMBER DINNER). After preparing ourselves, it was finally bed time. We needed to rest a lot as next day we wanted to go on a trip to Neuschweinstein Castle.

My father then suddenly called me. He complained that he was charged a huge amount of Euros in his card for the hotel and asked if I had been through the same. I quickly checked on my phone App and it was true, we were charged roughly 150% of the total price of the hotel. I called the reception and was told that the amount was related to a safety deposit, which is all daily charges plus 50 euros per night to cover eventual costs with the bar. Obviously I was aware that some hotels would ask for safety deposits, but what made me mad was that I wasn’t told there would be a charge, and in my opinion this is very wrong! I told my dad about it and he even got negative in Euros in his account, ending up in converting some of the pounds he had bought to spend in London with us.
