---
layout: post
title: Vienna 26/08/2019
---

In the next day we woke up early, Kelly was very excited as she wanted to go to the Freud museum as soon as possible. We went to the subway station right away after doing our morning rituals. After about 40 mins of journey, we arrived at the spot. We started looking for the museum and I confess it was surprisingly hard to find it. When we finally did, I saw a very small door with the sentence: “Temporary Freud Exhibition”. I started to wonder what the “Temporary” meant, so I went inside to ask. The lady told me that the museum was being refurbished and it was closed with expected reopening in May 2020. Obviously Kelly was shocked, they had two rooms with some objects available and cost 8 Euros each. We didn’t bother paying for it, Kelly went inside after me (as one of us had to stay outside with Miguel), and had a quick look around, she also thought it was not worth it.

We decided to go straight to the Schoenbrunn palace, our last tourist attraction set for Vienna. We walked to the tram station and in the middle of the way we bought Kelly a sandwich, as well as a cup of cappuccino. She ate the sandwich on the way to the palace and also fed Miguel. It was a long journey, almost one hour. When we finally got there, we went to the ticket shop, where I bought the entrances to the palace (as well as a lot of other things which I regret some time later because I wouldn’t have time to do it all), and we sat to eat something. I didn’t have breakfast and hadn’t eaten a thing since the day before. So I ordered the Viennese sausages with a pretzel, (KELLY ORDERED). We payed the bill and went for a walk in the Schoenbrunn palace gardens, the ones behind it, huge place.

After some time walking, we reached a couple of attractions, such as a small nature park with all sorts of animals, as well as a zoo, not to mention the green house that stays right in the middle of the garden. Unfortunately all of these attractions were paid and we had a short time before our visitation time was due. We just walked through the garden and, when the time came, we moved on to the entrance gates. At the beginning we were given audio guides and started by going up to the first floor where the visitation starts. The palace is amazing, incredibly beautiful from the inside. The main saloon was huge and the dinner tables very well presented. We didn’t regret at all going all the way to the palace to see what we saw.

After about one hour going through the palace rooms, we ended up in the last room where people with the special tickets can keep visiting (our choice), and the others would have to leave. We had about twenty more minutes of visitation going through some more rooms. When we were done with all the palace, we still had some time to walk through the square in the front of it, but it wasn’t long before we had to go back to the hotel. We needed to grab our luggage quickly and walk back to Vienna Central train station. The commute to the hotel was easy, we took a tram that left us close by and walked the remaining distance. We got our luggage and my parents were waiting for us there already. We took the chance to go to the toilet once again and then headed to the central station, which took us about 15 minutes walking.

Once we got there, we still had about one hour before the train departure time, so Kelly and I left Miguel with my parents and went for a quick walk looking for a market where we could buy something to eat, there was a Billa close by and we decided to go there. It took us roughly 10 minutes to reach the market, where I bought a salad, some buffalo mozzarella and water, whereas Kelly got (WHAT?). We then headed back to the station and waited until the train arrived to board it. Once in the train, I ate my dinner and headed to Innsbruck.

Later that day, we all arrived at Innsbruck Central station. We took our luggage and headed right on to our hotel, Hotel Innsbruck. It was close to the river, so we had to walk for about 15 minutes to get there, but the weather was nice and the city was very welcoming, it was a pleasant walk. Once at the hotel, we checked in, we had a spacious room reserved for us and the same type of room for my parents. We went straight to the rooms and rested for the rest of the night.
