---
layout: post
title: 26/09/2019
---

### Carvoeiro - Algarve

We woke up early in the next day, not as early as we wanted to, but early enough. We all took our showers, got ready and packed our bags again, we would spend only one night at that place so we needed to get ready for the checkout. We took the chance to open our Tarte that we had bought on the previous day at El Corte Ingles and, after cutting it in pieces, enjoy it. Bruno decided to give a break on his diet and allowed himself to enjoy all gastronomical experiences with the rest of the family. Sheila opened the balcony, which had stairs to the top of the house, where we all could chill out for some moments before closing everything, grabbing our suitcases and heading to the car. We drove back to the reception, where we checked out and went straight away to have breakfast in the hotel’s restaurant.

We ordered a bunch of stuff in there, to begin with coffee, which was very good and very cheap (comparing to London, where you would pay roughly 2.5 pounds for an espresso), costing us less than a Euro each. They had very good ham and cheese toasts also, the bread there is of a good quality, very soft and one can notice the high quality of the ingredients, all full of flavours. After sharing the bill, we were soon enough back to our cars heading to the first beach we wanted to visit. It was a very small beach, in the middle of nowhere, lots of cliffs around it and some caves also. A real paradise, the only bad thing was that there were lots of shells and stones in the water and they kept hurting whoever tried to go inside, not to mention that the 

### Lisbon

We arrived in Lisbon at night, we had rented a big apartment right in the centre of the city, close to Marques de Pombal. The apartment was not hard to find, but a suitable parking spot was, the manager of the place we rented gave us some tips to find a spot close by, but it was all filled up already. We were able to park a couple of blocks away and had trouble carrying the suitcase and the rest of the luggage, not to mention Miguel, to the apartment. To worsen the situation, we found out that the apartment was on the third floor and there was no lift, so we have to go up using the stairs carrying a 23 Kg suitcase upstairs. It was not the experience we wanted to have, but it was cheap enough to not bother us for much time. Marcos arrived a bit later when we were already checking in. He found a better spot to park the car, just a few meters from the front door.

When I finished the check in, we allocated each room for one part of the family, Sueli got the front room with a balcony to the front street, Sheila, Marcos and Sophie got the room in the middle, with a double bed and a single foldable bed Marcos got from our room after we complained to the manager of the place that we needed a baby crib (as we had asked in the rental information). He was very helpful and assembled one right away, but still left that single bed assembled. We got the last room of the apartment, situated on the rear and it was the most quiet one. Once again we had a conversation for some time before everyone went to bed to get ready for the following day.
