---
layout: post
title: Prague 22/08/2019
---


In the morning of the next day we got ready, took our showers and went straight to get some breakfast. I was on a diet, hence could only eat proteins, eggs, bacon, sausages, ham and cheese were the options, accompanied by a refreshing glass of flavoured water. Kelly had a little bit of bread, cheese, some sweet cakes and stuff like that. Miguel had some cake and biscuits. Both of them drank apple juice.

My parents, at the time we finished breakfast, were heading already to our first attraction, Prague Castle. We have decided to walk to the place, having the opportunity to contemplate the view and get to know that part of the city. The walking was very pleasant, the weather was really nice. In the middle of the way we stopped for a while in a park for Miguel to have some fun within one of the many available playgrounds.

It took us a bunch of time to reach our destination and, when we got there, my parents had already finished with the tourism on the Castle and decided to head for other attractions such as the museum of Alchemy and the city centre. We had a quick lunch before starting the visit, I had a couple of local sausages and Kelly had chicken (I GUESS????????!?!?!).

The restaurant (which lies inside the castle walls) only accepted money and all I had was a small amount of pounds. Despite the fact that I also had no euros, the only accepted currency was Czech crowns. I headed to the information centre where I could withdraw money and, since there was no queue, I took the opportunity to buy the tickets for doing the castle tourism circuit. We have chosen the circuit B on all the available options.

I went back to the restaurant where Kelly was waiting for me with Miguel, paid the bill and went to start our visit to the Cathedral. The most impressive characteristic in this monument (at least in our opinion) was the huge coloured glass windows with holy figures. It is still possible to enter the monument without a ticket, although to be able to go through the whole cathedral, as well as approaching the altar, a ticket is needed.

We moved on to the next attraction on the list


Finally, arriving at the Golden Lane at approximately 5.15pm, which is almost the time it is open for the public for free, was not our best strategy. When you reach the houses where once lived the alchemists, you have the opportunity to go up a couple of floors and check some old body armours, as well as weaponry. It is pretty impossible to go up with a pushchair, so Kelly and I decided to take turns. I went first, did a quick tour through the rooms and found a small souvenir store where I was able to buy the crystal block (which is now part of our collection) for Prague.

Kelly went afterwards and, in the meantime, the gates were open to the public, all I could see was lots and lots of people entering that place. The streets were now full of people and we couldn’t enjoy that place any further minute. We decided to call the day and go back to the hotel, walking, of course!

Again it was a very pleasant walking, we decided to take a slightly different path and could see some typical architecture of that city in particular. We tried to find a good spot to have dinner in the middle of the way, but we weren’t lucky. The solution was to go and have dinner at the hotel. I ordered a steak, with mushrooms and truffled sauce, which was very tasty, and Kelly went for the Schnitzel, a variant dish from the German one, pork steaks, with bacon on the top and mushroom sauce.

After the dinner, we went back to our room and, after the required preparations, rested in bed until the next morning. Miguel had his own baby cot in the room, with a duvet filled of painted animals!
