---
layout: post
title: Munich 29/08/2019
---

We all woke up early the next day, we had set our departure time from the hotel for 9h00. After taking a quick shower, Kelly and I went to that market that was in front of the hotel and got breakfast. Kelly chose a sandwich again, alongside with a coffee!?!, while I bought just a yoghurt and also had a cup of coffee. Kelly had put a short dress on as we thought the day was warm, but when she was there having her breakfast, she changed her mind and wanted to go back to the hotel to have a change of clothes. Miguel also needed a change of nappies, so we rushed back up as it was almost 9h00. When we got to our room door, the staff was already inside cleaning it. We asked for just a minute inside and, as the guy that was cleaning did not speak any English, it was challenging having to explain to him that. To be honest, when we finished doing what we had to do (Kelly didn’t really change her clothes, but got a spare change to take to the trip), we had a better thought and we didn’t tell the guy form the staff that we owned that room, so he might have thought we entered there just to steal something.

When we got back to the hotel lobby, my father called us asking if we were ready (it was 9h02 already). I promptly said that we were ready already and waiting for them downstairs. It took them roughly 5 minutes to reach us and we went straight to the subway. Arriving there, we got a train to the central station where a long distance train would then take us to our final destination, Füssen. We accidentally once again got the train to the wrong direction, but were faster to switch again and in almost no time arrived at the central station. We had bought the train ticket that would allow us to travel in any regular train throughout the whole Bavaria, so we just approached the next train that would stop in Füssen and saved our places, Kelly, Miguel and I stood in the reserved spot for pushchairs, while my parent went inside the carriage. The trip is really long, so it took us more than an hour to reach the destination stop. We exited the train and went straight away to the bus that commutes from the centre of Füssen to the castle. It takes about 20 more minutes to reach the spot where you can buy tickets to the castles.

When we arrived, I suddenly rushed my way to the ticket centre as there was a chance that tickets were sold out or close to that, so the sooner we got there and bought them, the better. It happens that the weather was not very nice, with some showers coming from the sky, so there was plenty of tickets available. Kelly and I bought tickets for both castles while my parents bought only for the Neuschweinstein. We had about one and a half hour until the entrance time of the first castle, so we decided to have lunch. This time we stopped in a hotel close by and ordered our meals. I ordered a steak with salad and some Kazespatzl, Kelly ordered (WHAT?) and my parents ordered (WHAT?). I have to say, I had very low expectations on the Kazespatzl this time, I thought it would be the same as the one I had at Innsbruck, but it was not. This one was surprisingly amazing, very tasty, you could feel the cheese and the pastry was in a very nice texture. I really didn’t care about the steak after I had some of that. This is definitely a place we need to go again!

After lunch, I left about 50 euros with my father as we had to rush to the castle, for him to take care of the bill. Our share of the bill would be if not 50, very close to that. Miguel fell as sleep while Kelly and I worked our way to the castle. Lots and lots of stairs and I had to practically cary the pushchair all the way up, and it was still showering a bit. When we reached the castle, we had about 10 minutes to take some pictures from outside before our entrance time. We took some pictures and then I figured out that pushchairs are not allowed inside the castle, so I had to go close to the baby changing facilities and leave the pushchair there, carrying Miguel throughout the whole tour. Obviously Kelly and I shared that responsibility. We were fortunate enough to get three audioguides instead of two, which meant that Miguel would be distracted with one while Kelly and I were able to enjoy the visit and listen to the whole story.

The inside of this castle is very nice, totally worth visiting. Usually people buy tickets only for the Neuschweinstein castle, but they do not realise that the other one is the castle that the royal family actually lived for most of the time, so it is very well decorated and furnished. In the visit you have to follow your guide, which means that a person leads the group and fires up all the audioguides in sequence, this way everyone can listen to the whole stuff at the correct time. But this also means that you cannot do the visitation in your own pace, you have to follow the group. Also, pictures are not allowed inside the castle. When we got to the end of the visit, we handled back the audioguides, obviously Miguel had one of his episodes and yelled and cried, but it was all good, it didn’t take long for him to calm down.

We went back to the city as we had to head to the second castle and, for that, take a bus. We met my parents back in the town and joined the queue for the bus. It costs roughly 3 euros each for the return ticket, while the one-way ticket is about 1.70 euros. We decided to buy the return ticket even if we decided afterwards not to come back to the town by bus. Not too long after the beginning of the trip, the bus reaches its final destination. We thought that it would leave us very close to the castle, which is not true. We still had to walk a considerable distance to get to the entrance. Once there, we waited in queue for our time and, when it finally came, a bunch of Chineses started to skip queue and force themselves in. We were among the first ones to enter and were just behind some people, but it happens that we ended up splitting some Chinese group. One of them, a woman was asking for passage to get to the front part of the group and I got really mad, she was trying to pass through us again and was forcing that way by pushing my wife that was holding Miguel. I just yelled at her: “Look, there is a queue over here, we were all in the queue and you and your group tried to skip that. Now you stay over there and wait for your turn, alright?”. That was all that was needed to put them where they belong and try and be more respectful. She said okay and stood there behind.

When the gates opened, the whole group went inside and it was pretty much the same as in the other castle, all of us grabbing audioguides and waiting for the tour to start. Again we were able to grab three audioguides instead of two, which helped us keeping Miguel in a calm state. In this castle, most of the rooms were not finished and the decoration is not as nice as the one from the other castle. But it is still really beautiful, specially the throne room with all of the paintings. Again, pictures were not allowed inside the caste. In the end of the tour, there is a cafe that most people just miss or intentionally pass through without stopping, but if they knew that there is a huge balcony just after the cafe with an amazing view, they wouldn’t miss that. We were lucky to spot that in time and took the chance to take some pictures from there.

The tour ends in the kitchen of the castle, the only place that has no audioguide and people can choose to stay longer if they want. There is not much to see in there, only the originally used pots and trays and other utensils. We had to leave Miguel’s pushchair close to the castle’s entrance, in an information centre, but then I figured out that the exit was in the other side of the castle, so I had to once again rush to the entrance to grab that back. Meanwhile, Kelly and Miguel stood behind and took the chance to take some more pictures from the outside of the castle. We gathered back together once I had the pushchair and started walking back to the bus stop, which is very close to the second attraction available close to the castle, the (NAME?) bridge. The track to reach the bridge is not too long, just a little bit of a hill that you have to go up into and then you can easily spot the bridge some meters ahead. This is a must go spot, the bridge stays on the top of a waterfall and the view to the castle from there is priceless. We stood there for some minutes and then decided we should head back to the town to get the train back to Munich. It was getting late and at a certain time the gap of time in-between trains increases. We went back to the bus stop, waited for the next service and jumped in. A few minutes later we were back in town. My parents wanted to go back before us, so they were waiting for us there.

We all then went to the train station by bus and got the first service heading back. Unfortunately, unlike the ingoing trip, the outgoing was not direct and we had to stop in the middle of the way to switch trains. Despite the bad feeling in having to switch services, it caused us no trouble at all. Once in the second train we headed back to Munich. When we arrived there it was evening already. We proceeded with our initial plans and headed straight to the Hofbrauhaus. We wanted to try the well-known German beer and have some of their famous sausages. When we got there, it was late already and we had to order quickly. I ordered some pork belly and some sausages and we all shared the dishes. I have to say, I really wanted to try the sausages, but the pork belly was very tasty. I mean, it was so tasty that we had even to order a second round. As for the beer, it was good, but we had the one later glass of Weissbier, which is a lot for one person. When we finished, we all went back together to the hotel. Once again we went back to our rooms, had a quick shower and got ready for the night.
