---
layout: post
title: Munich 30/08/2019
---

Unfortunately, the next day would be our last in that wonderful city. Kelly wanted to go for a walk and we decided to visit the English Garden, a huge park that lies in the middle of the city. We had almost no time left as we wanted to go to Dachau before leaving, so it was a quick visit, we went straight where people usually go surfing in one of the sides of the park. We enjoyed that for a while and then made our way back to the hotel to meet my parents and head to Dachau. Despite being a little bit far away, it wasn’t difficult to get to Dachau, we took one of the long distance trains that run in the city and it took us to such the desired destination directly. After that, we just had to pop-up into a bus that would drive for the last miles. When we arrived, we went to the tourist information centre and decided to rent one of the audioguides in Portuguese for Kelly. It cost four euros. We left walking and entered the concentration camp site, which accepts visitors for free.

We were trying to enjoy the most of that tour, reading all signs and, after some time, going inside the museum that is located on the main building. After some time checking everything carefully, we figured that it was getting late and we would need to rush the rest of the site to get back to Munich in time to no miss our flight. We went for the memorials quickly and entered the main building where the prisoners stayed. The sight is shocking and there is a very heavy feeling in the air. We were running out of time, so we saw quickly the beds, toilets and communal areas and then moved on to the next spot. My parents decided to stop there and go back to the information centre to wait for us there. We left Miguel with them because it was hard to push the pushchair in that ground with small stones and sand. We then moved on to the chapel, but just had a quick look from outside, and finally the old and the new crematoriums, where all dead were cremated. There is also a section there with the gas chambers, but story tells us that they were never used for mass murders.

It was time to go, our flight would be in the evening and we were just in time to go back to the city and get ready for catching the flight. We went back to the hotel to grab our luggage and head to the airport. The commute from the city to the airport is really easy, you can get a train from the central station and in about 30-40 minutes you reach the destination. It is important to know, although, that the train that goes to the airport splits up in half (or something like that), where the front part heads to another direction. We didn’t know about it, so we had to exit the train (we were in the first carriage) and run to the back in the last station before the airport.

We flew back in the same company we did to go to Prague, British Airways. If there is one thing that I can leave here as memories is that the plane was very good and the seats with enough space to be comfortable. We had flown before to Spain in a Vueling plane and it was certainly not as satisfying as flying with British Airways.
