---
layout: post
title: Prague 23/08/2019
---

In the following morning, we did the same ritual of every morning, took out showers and went downstairs to have our breakfast. Not much news in here, I’ve had roughly the same, proteins and water, Kelly had bread with ham and cheese and Miguel had his usual biscuits.

After the breakfast, we met with my parents and the plan was to go to the city centre. We bought the public transport tickets right there in the hotel, we got 2 30 min tickets each, at the cost of (HOW MUCH?!?). Miguel didn’t have to pay for it because he was in the age range in which child go for free accompanied by adults. We took the tram and went to the city centre. We walked to the old town hall tower and saw the astronomical clock.

(Not sure) In this day we decided to have lunch in a very old place where Mozart once lived, (ADD THE NAME HERE). The place was not too small, but not too big, we sat by the window, very close to the main entrance. I have ordered the traditional pork shoulder, and Kelly ordered some ribs. The food wasn’t bad, but it wasn’t that good either. By the way, the pork shoulder was not worth it, it was very soft, but had almost no taste, they certainly missed some spices in there. My father ordered fried cheese and my mother ordered chicken (maybe?).

We still had some time left, so we headed to our last attractions of the day. We started by passing under the hanging Freud statue, that lies in the middle of the city and can be spotted from below. Then we crossed the Charles Bridge (which we ended up with the opinion that it is not really worth it, there is nothing special about the bridge) and walked in the Kampa’s island. On the middle of the way, we have stopped and bought some orange juice in a street food truck. Once in the Kampa’s island, we could see the Yellow Submarine Pub, The love bridge and the Lennon wall (which was really crowded). With our photos in hand, we decided it was time to go back to the hotel, we just had to make a quick stop in a supermarket. Kelly and I have chosen to go to Tesco, while my parents went to Billa.

Once again, we wanted to have dinner at some mysterious place, but we were too tired for that, which led us to having dinner at the hotel again. This time I ordered (SOMETHING) and Kelly (SOMETHING ELSE). After the dinner, we took our showers and went straight to bed.
