---
layout: post
title: 29/09/2019
---

### Porto

Early in the next day, right after having our showers and our breakfast in-house, we packed all our stuff and left it inside the living room as previously arranged with the owner. We then went for our tourism. We left the cars parked near the house and went walking to the famous Catedral da Se, where we could see the religious part of Porto. After taking some pictures outside, we went inside and wondered for a bit, the place is beautiful and anyone can see there is lots of history exhibited there. We didn’t stay for too long as the day was short and we still had a lot of things to visit.

We walked from the cathedral to the bookstore Lello, the one that inspired some bits of Harry Potter. It wasn’t a very pleasant walk, we had to go downhill for a long way and then uphill for about the other half of the way, it was exhausting. Once we got there we were blessed by Miguel’s presence, we would be able to join a priority queue and skip about 40 minutes of waiting outside. Sheila, that was decided not to enter, mostly because of the huge queue, changed her mind and ended up enjoying the priority queue to have a quick look inside. We had to pay 5€ each to go inside, amount that could be used in any in-store purchase. We decided to buy Miguel a present and got him a child book that came with a little teddy rabbit. He liked a lot. After taking some pictures inside and going upstairs to have a look from above, we got out and went walking to the end of the block, where we enjoyed a very nice and beautiful ice cream with a macaroon on top of it.

After that visit and the ice cream, we walked to a Costa Coffee close by and got some hot drinks, Bruno and Marcos went for double expressos whereas Kelly, Sheila and their mother ordered a huge cappuccino. Miguel got also some juice. It was very tasty and satisfying. Bruno and Kelly wanted to visit one of the port wine cavas, they chose the Taylor’s brand and went there walking with Sueli. Marcos and Sheila got Sophie and went back to the house to grab their car and luggage as they were going to visit one of Sophie’s friends that was living in Porto at that moment. It took a long time for us to reach the Cava we wanted, not to mention that we had to walk again uphill for a long path. In the middle of the way, Bruno bought some Portuguese nuts, typical from that region.

When we arrived at Taylor’s, we went straight to the visitation reception and bought us tickets for visiting and tasting. Sueli decided not to go and stayed with Miguel waiting outside. During the tour we could see all different kinds of barrels where the Port Wine is stored and learn more about the wine making process with pictures and videos. We could take one picture right in front of one of the biggest barrels, if not the biggest one. After about 30 minutes of wine history, we went straight to the wine tasting room where each of us got one small glass of white port wine and one small glass of red port wine. Sheila and Marcos left the place we rented and were in their way to bringing us the keys, which didn’t take long. Once they arrived Bruno got an uber car back to the house, grabbed everything and drove back to pick Kelly, Miguel and Sueli up. We all drove to Braga from there.

### Braga

The way to Braga was calm and it wasn’t a long trip. We drove straight away to Tatiana’s house, a friend that was living in London a couple of months ago and had moved there. We could see her kids, Claudio and Bruno, who we missed a lot, not to mention being able to spend some time with them playing and chatting. Tatiana wanted to show us her place and it was a very nice apartment, very big and with beautiful decoration. Unfortunately it was late and we had to go to our hotel to have some rest. Marcos was still in his way to Braga when we left Tatiana’s apartment and drove to the hotel. When we arrived, we checked-in and got ready for bed.
