---
layout: post
title: 30/09/2019
---

### Braga

Early in the next day, after taking our showers, we went downstairs to have our breakfast. The hotel was not too big, so the food there was not well diversified, but it was enough for us to not starve throughout the morning. We finished eating and went back to our rooms to pack our things. Before checking out, we enjoyed the fact that the hotel was in the city centre and went out for a quick walk. We passed through nice squares and fountains and other nice buildings. Roughly one hour after we went walking, it was time for us to go back to the hotel and check out. We did a quick check out and went again to Tatiana’s house, she would go with us for lunch and to do some more tourism throughout the afternoon.

When we arrived, Tatiana was already waiting for us. She took us to the city centre and we went to one of the main churches there, as well as walked around the main square once again. We stayed there for about one hour. We wanted to go grab some Brazilian style barbecue since London is not the place to look for good meat and we missed a lot eating picanha. We drove straight away to a barbecue place called Toro and after parking our cars, we found out that the restaurant was closed. We decided to try to find another place and ended up going to another barbecue place called Fogo de Chao. The food wasn’t perfect but, for sure, it was a hell lot more tasty than any other meat in London.

Finally, we went back to Tatiana’s apartment and stayed there until we needed to start heading to Peniche. In the meantime we had one more chance to have a look at her apartment, as well as visiting two other apartments in the same building that were available for buying. One two-bedroom and one four-bedroom. Despite the fact that the building was a bit ugly from outside, the apartments were amazing from the inside. We ate some snacks in the afternoon and soon had to leave so that we would arrive at a suitable time in Peniche. Marcos was in need of buying some additive for his car, so he stayed behind. Kelly wanted to make a quick stop in Nazare to see the big waves, but it got really late and once we got there, we even walked close to the famous lighthouse, but were unable to see a thing. So we kept going to Peniche and make a very quick stop in Obidos from the outside, just to take some pictures of the place.

### Peniche

It was late when we arrived at the guesthouse we had booked in Peniche. The streets were very narrow and it was impossible to park the car in the same street as the guesthouse. We stopped in front of the place, took our luggage inside and then went looking for some parking spots, which didn’t take too long. Marcos arrived practically at the same time as we did, so he grabbed the closest parking spot while we got one not so close. After we were taken to our rooms and informed of the house rules, we decided we needed to eat something. While Sheila and her family stayed at the place because she was with a headache, We went to find some food close by. We went to a pizzeria and ordered a couple of pizzas, which we took away back to the guesthouse and shared. It wasn’t a very good pizza, too much pastry and not enough toppings. After eating, we decided it was time to go to bed so that we could enjoy the next day.
