---
layout: post
title: Vienna 25/08/2019
---

We woke up early in the next day and, as the hotel offered no breakfast, we took our showers and went right away to the streets in the city centre direction. Plan was to grab something to eat in the middle of the way. It happens that, as the hotel staff said, that region didn’t have breakfast as something usual, hence it would be difficult to find any places close by offering food. We took our chances, but it wasn’t until we got to the city centre that we were able to find any places.

We got the subway from the hotel’s closest station to the centre and landed right in front of the Saint Stephens Cathedral. We walked a little bit in the same direction as if we were going to the Mozarthaus - our first elected attraction - but looking for a place to have breakfast. Because of the time, we weren’t able to find any places opened, so we went back to the cathedral’s square and had breakfast in one of the many places in there. I had an omelette (which was surprisingly tasty) and obviously shared that with Miguel, while Kelly had a hot chocolate and (WHAT ELSE?).

We paid the bill and when we got back to the square, we happened to spot my parents that had just arrived. They didn’t want to go to the Mozarthaus, so while they started doing the Cathedral, Kelly and I headed to the museum. We bought the tickets and had to leave my backpack in a storage to be allowed to go inside. The visit starts at the top floor and then you are supposed to head down. It is very nice to enter the building that was once the home of Mozart. We went carefully looking at every detail, but when we got to the end of the first floor, it was obvious to us that, if we didn’t hurry up on the next ones, we would stay there for the whole day.

As we were with Miguel and his pushchair, we headed to the lift instead of heading to the staircase. The staff was very helpful and used a special key to allow us to go down (as the lift is programmed to just allow the bottom and top floor without it). The only problem was that it was not easy to find someone from the staff in all the floors to help with that, so Kelly was usually waiting by the lift while I kept seeking for that specific guy/lady.

When we finished the tour in the museum, we went to the Cathedral, which took us a very small amount of time. We were starving by the end of this, so we decided it was time to go and have some lunch. I had previously researched good places to go there in Vienna, and this restaurant had popped up, Augustine-Keller. We then headed to the place. When we got there, it was just as the pictures showed, a very nice place. I have ordered half of a pork shoulder and Kelly went for the traditional Schnitzel. All I can say is that this was the best ever pork shoulder I have had in my whole life. It was very well seasoned and very well cooked. Cracking on the outside and very soft in the inside, filled with flavour! Kelly didn’t have as much luck as I did, she said the Schnitzel was good, but not as good as my dish, and when she was almost done with the dish, she was not feeling very good, she said she was tasting too much oil in the breaded crumbs.

We paid the bill and went straight to the Hofburg palace. We bought the ticket and started the tour on the (TREASURIES?). This part is very nice, so we could see all the porcelain sets and all the silvery that was used by the royal family, as well as understand more about how life was at that time. For instance, they ate almost all dishes in metallic plates whereas the porcelain was used roughly for soups and deserts. It took us a while to see everything and we still had to go to Sissi’s Apartments. We wanted to wrap up the day by passing by Freud’s museum, but it was too late already, so we went straight to the Sissi’s Apartments and decided to to that bit in detail and try the Freud museum in the next day. As we thought, it took us more time to see that other part of the tour and when we were done with it, it was almost in the end of the afternoon. We would have certainly missed the visit to the Freud museum had we decided to go in the same day.

Since we were close already and we wouldn’t be able to enter any other attraction because of the time, we took the opportunity to walk in the Hofburg garden and refill our water bottle in one of the many available public water sources. The water in Vienna is very good, it comes out a little bit cold already and it is incredibly pure, there is no taste at all and we felt really refreshed after drinking some of it. The tour through the garden was very nice but didn’t take us long to decide to go back to the hotel, it was almost evening already. I was doing my Masters in Financial Engineering course in the online provider WQU, and I had to deliver a task until the next day, so when we were back in the hotel, I spent the whole evening working on it while Kelly and our son enjoyed a very nice bath in the bathtub. She said that the bath was very relaxing and the tub there is very nice, big and in a good shape. They went to bed and I stood awake a couple more hours to finish what I had to do, then I finally went to bed.

WE COULD ADD OUR DINNER HERE (DID WE HAVE IT?)
