---
layout: post
title: Prague 24/08/2019
---

On our last full day at Prague we decided to visit the Jewish quarter (which is made of some streets where you walk through and can see some synagogues. We didn’t spend too much time in that and decided we should head to the Clementinum, the well-known national library. When we were heading there, we passed by the town hall where they have these non-stop lifts. It was a very nice experience, we went up in one of them and stood inside while it changed direction on the top of the building, a singular experience! We didn’t stay for long though and moved on to going to the library.

Arriving there, we decided to buy the tickets for the tour to see the inside. The first available tour was roughly 1 hour and 15 minutes apart from the time we bought, so we took the chance to have a quick lunch. Kelly, Miguel and I shared just one dish, a plate full of different meats and some gilled vegetables. We had to rush as we had little time to do everything, so we ordered the bill while still eating and rushed back to the entrance of the library.

Despite the fact that you can go inside of one of the most beautiful libraries in the world, people are not allowed to go inside, there is only a small spot where one is able to stand and look inside. Pictures are also not allowed. In the end you go up in the library’s tower and can have a look of the city from above (which is quite nice, I think this was actually worth more than almost all the rest of the tour). Despite this two spots, the rest of the tour is mainly going up stairs and walking through very badly maintained rooms. 

With some time left, we wanted to try and go to the (FASHION WHATEVER) outlet. We hoped to see some good promotions and buy some more clothes to help us with the small amount we took on the trip. We got the public transport, which was only one tram from the city centre to the outlet, but arriving there, we clearly saw that it wouldn’t meet our expectations. Prices were better than in town, but not much different from prices in the big London shopping centres. After walking around for a couple of hours, Kelly decided to buy 2 polo shirts from Polo Ralph Lauren, and we bought a new pair of nike shoes for Miguel one size bigger, as we thought his current ones were almost not fitting anymore.

We went back to the city, we wanted to try and visit the Dancing House, the only attraction we missed, but the day was almost in the end and we thought it would be better to just buy some supplies and go back to the hotel. We again had dinner there, I ordered the same dish as the day before and Kelly ordered a soup, which was very tasty and she shared that with Miguel. And that was it, the day had come to an end and we took the opportunity to repack everything in our bags and went to bed.

On the next morning our agenda was defined, we had our breakfast at the hotel, we ate the same as the other days, not much to add in there and got our bags, checked out from the hotel and went to the central train station. The hotel was close to a subway stop which led us in almost no time to Prague Central. We waited a while for the train and when it arrived we went straight to the platform.

The trip to Vienna was exciting and the view was amazing, the weather was great, not too warm, not too cold. Kelly and I shared a double sit with Miguel and my parents went in another one just below us.

When we arrived in Vienna haupftbahnhof it took us just a couple of minutes to check the directions for the hotel. We chose to stay in the Pakat Suites Hotel, which is about 15 minutes walking from the station. The hotel location is ridiculously close to the Belvedere palace and we could walk to the town centre if we wanted to. On the same day we arrived we had bough tickets for the Mozart concert in the Operahaus. We checked-in to the hotel, it was too early for the concert and we wanted to do a quick tour in the Belvedere palace, but unfortunately Miguel was asleep. We just took some time to organise our stuff in the closet and rested a little bit. When it was about dinner time, Miguel woke up and his baby bag and left him with my parents in their room to have dinner somewhere.

When we left the hotel, we had the strategy of going in the direction of the Operahaus and try to stop somewhere in the middle of the way, but it happens that we didn’t find many suitable places for our romantic dinner. We ended up in a Kebab place and ordered a spinach appetiser and the main dish they had, a mix of meat with bread and some vegetables. Unfortunately the food was not too much and even not tasty, although very pricy. We ate that and decided we didn’t want to order anything else, it was not worth it.

We paid the bill and walked to the Operahaus. When we arrived we were very surprised with the size of the place and the internal decoration. It was amazing, definitely worth every penny. We entered through one of the main doors and with the help of someone from the staff we went to our places right in the middle, in the 4th row counting from the stage. The show didn’t take long to start and it was unforgettable, a mix of classical music and opera and we were very happy we chose to do that.

When the show reached to its end, we walked back to the hotel, it was very nice walking through Vienna streets, we felt very welcomed by the city. The only good thing to mention here is that, despite the feeling of safety and the comfort of walking in one of the most beautiful cities we had ever been, the skies were turning grey, if not black and we saw scary lightning strikes close by. In the end it was fine, it didn’t rain before we got to the hotel, we experienced just a couple of drops and that was it.

We were missing Miguel very much already, so we went straight to my parents room to grab him back. He was there waiting for us filled with energy (and we really wish he hadn’t because it was almost time to go to bed already)! But that wasn’t a problem, we took him, went back to our room where we took our showers and went straight to bed.
