---
layout: post
title: Innsbruck 27/08/2019
---

We woke up early the next day and after showering, we headed downstairs to have our breakfast. We had only that night of hotel booked, so after eating we went straight to our rooms, took our already packed luggage and checked out from the hotel. We then walked to the closest Nordkette station and got the commute up to the top of the mountain. The journey starts with a train, and we chose to exit at the first stop and walk to the zoo. We didn’t enter the zoo, it took us only about 20 minutes to reach the Zoo door and we went right back to go up the rest of the way. The train goes to a second stop where we change for a cable car. Once in the cable car, it takes about 10 minutes to reach the middle of the mountain and then we are forced to switch cable cars, where the second one took us right to the top station. The view was amazing and it was a sunny day. My mother decided to stay close to the pubs and the entrance to the cable cars with Miguel, while Kelly, my father and I have chosen to hike the remaining meters to the top of the mountain. We took a bunch of pictures and then went back to the cable cars. It was getting late already, I was really keen to try the famous (Kasespetzel), so we decided to go back down to the city. It took us about one hour to reach the lowest spot of the mountain again and leave the train at the last station.

We went to the city centre stopping at some souvenir stores in the middle of the way. We then went to our chosen restaurant, Kelly, my father and I ordered the desired Kazespetzl and my mother ordered turkey with a salad to fulfil her own diet requirements. Before the dish arrived, I spend some time running around the square with Miguel to play with him a little bit. He laughed a lot! About 15 minutes later, we got back to our table and not long after that our food arrived. To be honest I was expecting a hell lot more for that, it simply had no taste at all. Kelly and my father felt the same. As for my mother’s food, she said it was good.

We paid the bill and went for a walk, we spent some time within the city centre, but eventually went to see the river and take some pictures there. The view is priceless. We stood by the river side and took a bunch of pictures with lots of mountains on the background, definitely worth it. Innsbruck is a very nice city, it is safe, has a good coverage in public transport (despite the fact that we didn’t have to use any to do everything), and the river and the mountains give the final touch. We didn’t have much time, there was still one trip to take, our train to Munich. We went back to the hotel, grabbed our luggage and walked back to the central train station. The path was mostly plan and it took us about 15 minutes to go from the hotel to the train station.

Once there, we waited for our train close to the platform and, once it arrived, we jumped in quickly. We found our sits and got accommodated. Soon enough the train started its route to Munich. Again it was a very calm trip, Kelly and I shared a double sit with Miguel, while my mom and dad shared another close by. When we arrived in Munich central station, we knew our hotel, the Hilton Garden Inn, was roughly touching the train station, but what we were not aware of was that the station is huge! It took us probably about half an hour from exiting the train to reaching the hotel doors walking. Google Maps showed no better way. When we got there, we checked in with Carlos, a guy that had worked in the Brazilian consulate in Germany for a lot of time, hence spoke Portuguese! He was very nice to us and didn’t take long until we had the room keys.

Kelly and I went went to our room and discovered that, instead of having a baby cot in it, the staff had opened the sofa bed and made room for a third person. Miguel is still too young and too small to sleep in a bed, specially a sofa bed filled with dangerous holes and metallic spots. We called the reception and Carlos said it wouldn’t be possible to arrange the baby cot for the day as there were no available staff to assemble it. We had to take the sofa bed mattress and put it on the floor so that Miguel had a safe place to sleep.
