---
layout: post
title: 01/10/2019
---

### Peniche

After we woke up, we did our well-known morning rituals and went to a bakery to have our breakfast. It is pleasant to remind that the food in Portugal is really nice and very cheap while compared to London. We had some ham and cheese toasts alongside with some coffee (for the boys), and some cappuccino (for the ladies). We all eat lots of food, shared the bill and went straight away to the beach, the one that lies in the opposite side of the famous super tubos beach. It was a very calm beach, with small waves, very suitable for the kids. Marcos and Bruno thought the beach was too far, so they went back to grab the cars and park close by, as well as grab some beers and ciders from the guesthouse. After about half an hour they were back to the beach with the cars and the drinks.

We stayed in that beach for a while, the kids were having a lot of fun running in the sand. Bruno and Marcos went inside the water and stayed there for a bit, and after some time Marcos got back to the sand. Kelly joined Bruno a while after that for a quick swim. It was very fun but we were running out of beers and starting to feel hungry. We decided it was time for us to drive a bit, find a place to eat and then move on to the next beach. We remembered of a restaurant called Sardinha that the manager of the guesthouse we were staying told us about and decided to try it. We ordered Cod and Octopus Rice, Sueli and Sheila shared another Cod and Marcos ordered Salmon. The Octopus rice was amazingly tasty, while the Cod was good, but nothing special. We couldn’t finish the whole octopus rice, so we asked the restaurant for a box to take the rest away.

We got back to our cars and drove to a different beach, 
