---
layout: post
title: 27/09/2019
---

### Lisbon

When we woke up the next day we had to go and park the cars in a better spot and pay for the parking. Bruno and Marcos went downstairs, they went first to the market to buy some things for the breakfast and with the change they got some parking time. Bruno also got the car and parked in a different spot, closer to the apartment. After going back to the apartment, we all took our showers and didn’t eat any breakfast as we would go to the Pasteis de Belem as our first stop. When everyone was ready, we headed to the cars and, unfortunately, Bruno found a red envelope attached to his windshield. It was a fine for parking in an inappropriate spot that was destined for loading and unloading only. There isn’t much you can do when you get something like that, you just have to pay and live moves on. We carefully stashed the envelope in a safe place, got our cars and went to Belem.

After about 20 minutes driving, we reached our destination and looked for a place to park the car. The spot Bruno found wasn’t any close to the bakery, so we had to walk a little bit. Marcos decided to pay for parking and found a place faster. He and his family arrived first, so they got a very nice table for all of us. Some time later we arrived. It was a feast. We ordered a bunch of pastries and custard tarts, not to mention the coffee and juices. Everything there is really good. We ate everything and shared the bill. Once we were all fed, we started visiting the monuments, the first one was the Mosteiro dos Jeronimos. Before we did anything, we saw that there was a very small queue to enter the Cathedral. We didn’t think twice and went right away there. The entrance to the Cathedral is free of charge. To enter the Mosteiro, on the other hand, you first need to head to the next door, where the Archeology Museum stands and buy the tickets. There are two options, just the entrances to the Mosteiro, or a joint ticket that allows you to go to the museum as well. We bought only the first option and headed back to the entrance. Once inside, you can see an open area with a garden and a fountain, a very calm place and for sure with a lot of good energy. We chilled out for a bit there and went upstairs afterwards, on the first floor we saw the cathedral from the top and there is a souvenir shop for those interested.

Once out of the Mosteiro, we decided to go to Belem tower, our second chosen attraction. We had to cross the big avenue, which we did through an underground passage and, once in the other side, it was easy to spot the tower. We noticed that we were very close to the Padrao dos Descobrimentos, which is another famous monument that has statues and elements that tell the story about Portugal’s discoveries and explorations. We took a couple of pictures there and headed to the tower. There was a huge queue to go inside and we were short of time since our dinner was booked and we needed to start heading to the restaurant. Marcos and Bruno went to grab the cars while Kelly and Marcos’ family stood together close to the tower’s parking site. It took a while for them to grab the cars and go back. Once there, we all headed to El Corte Ingles, our designated spot for parking our cars.

Our dinner was booked at the restaurant O Talho, a gourmet restaurant that lies very close to El Corte Ingles and serves very good meat. When we entered the restaurant, we were initially welcomed by the receptionist and offered some drinks. Bruno, Marcos and Kelly went straight for the Gin tonics and Sheila ordered something different. Before we could even start drinking our table was ready and the waitress took us there. We got some couvert and ordered some Croquetes de Cozido and Ceviche. The main dish was a Tomahawk steak for me and Kelly to share and burgers and some other meat for the rest of the table. The food was good, but not as good as we expected. We shared the bill and, after a quick shopping time in El Corte Ingles, headed back to the apartment we had rented. Parking the car was easier, but Bruno was still afraid of parking in a prohibited spot without even knowing it, so he was very sure to read the signs very carefully to choose a good place. We all took our showers and went straight to bed.
