---
layout: post
title: 25/09/2019
---

### London

Our day began early in the morning with all of us waking up and taking our showers at our home in Hammersmith and right after a bunch of bread and eggs for everybody, except Sophie that wanted only a scrambled egg. It didn’t take long until we headed to the Hammersmith station, which took us about 15 minutes walking. We had bought our flights to Lisbon from London Heathrow, the closest airport from our home and the Picadilly train took us about 40 additional minutes. Once we got to the airport, we headed to Terminal 2 and found with ease the check-in cabins for TAP. The process took us no longer than 10 minutes and we, soon enough, entered on the departure gates area.

The flight was scheduled to 11h50 a.m. and we didn’t have to wait for a long time to be able to board. Once in the aeroplane, the three of us sat together in a four-chair row in the aisle, whereas Kelly’s family sat one row behind in the same setting. The plane was not too full, when it took off, Sueli took the opportunity to change places and sit in one of the windows a couple of rows behind. She really wanted to see the view! Short after taking off, the crew started serving a snack in a box containing half of a sandwich and a sweet called chocolate salami, which by the way was very good. For drinking we ordered a Red wine for Bruno and a Coke for Kelly, as well as some coffee and milk.

### Lisbon

The plane arrived in Lisbon on schedule and we, after spending some minutes in the Duty Free, went straight to reclaim our luggage. We had taken a big suitcase for everyone and an additional hiking backpack that we had bought not too long ago for our trip throughout Europe with Bruno’s parents. The suitcase was already there available for pickup, although, the backpack was not. We waited for a bit and it didn’t come at all. I had to spend additional time in the queue and complaining to the air company that our backpack was missing. They obviously opened a process to find it and did nothing else apart from that. I wouldn’t expect more from them.

It was our lucky that the backpack contained only some non-essential items, such as Bruno’s trainers, Kelly’s shoes and some accessories, as well as some stuff from Miguel, but nothing that we couldn’t live without. We decided to grab our car that was booked from Guerin, one of the car-rental companies available at the airport. Marcos did the same and went straight to the Gold Car counter to grab his. I had ordered a Ford Focus or similar and ended up getting a Fiat Tippo. The car was good enough for our needs and I didn’t want to waste much more money renting a better one. Marcos ended up with a Fiat 500 large edition, a SUV.

We had planned to go to Castelo de Sao Jorge in Lisbon as our first attraction, but the luggage issue together with taking a lot of time to get the car made us waste so much time that we decided to go straight to El Corte Ingles to grab some groceries and head to the south of the country. We tried the almond tart from A Tarte, which is amazingly tasty, and had our dinner at a restaurant inside the shopping centre called Jacare. The food was amazing, we had Picanha with some sausages. We have to say, the food there is so much better than in the UK that we were tempted to move to Portugal just to be able to reach that cuisine whenever we wanted. And that was it, we ended our meal and headed to the supermarket, grabbed some sweets, water and essential stuff for our trip, heading back to our cars right after that. Once in the car, we set our destination, a guest house in Carvoeiro, in the region of Algarve, south of Portugal.

### Carvoeiro - Algarve

The car trip was not bad at all, the tolls in the other hand, surprisingly expensive, we remember passing through one that cost us more than 20 euros, and that was not the only one we had to go through to get to our final destination. We made a singular stop in the middle of the way to accommodate Miguel back in his comfortable car seat and feed him with a wonderful bottle full of milk. He slept and we kept going until we reached Carvoeiro. One thing promptly comes into our mind, we remember seeing a very strong light and thought it was some sort of lightning. We later on discovered that it was nothing else but the lighthouse that was giving a north to the Ships. We reached the reception and took our stuff from the car, which was a very bad decision. The actual room was not close and we would still need the car to get there. Putting our stuff back into the car we drove about 10 more minutes (because Bruno messed up and couldn’t do the map reading correctly) to get to the parking spot. It was late already and we grabbed all our stuff and carried to the house. It was a fair place for the price, a big house with 3 bedrooms, a kitchen and 2 bathrooms. We were very tired and the trip was exhausting, but once we got there, we spent two or more hours just chilling out and having a conversation before we all decided to go to bed.
